Clarify relative paths in overlays/extensions (#742)
raml-org/raml-spec: versions/raml-10/raml-10.md

Overlays and extensions are RAML documents that add or override nodes of a RAML API definition. The first line of an overlay or extension document MUST begin with the text _#%RAML 1.0 Overlay_ or _#%RAML 1.0 Extension_, respectively, followed by nothing but the end of the line. An overlay or extension document MUST contain a root-level `extends` node whose value MUST be the location of a valid RAML API definition or another overlay or extension; the location specification is an absolute or relative path, or a URL, equivalent to an [!include tag argument](#includes). The document specified in the `extends` node is called the master RAML document.

> The remainder of an overlay or extension document follows the same rules as a RAML API definition, but with certain [restrictions](#overlays) in case of an overlay. The resolution of paths in an overlay or extension document, such as those for `!include` tags or libraries, MUST be relative to the document from which the reference is being made, as opposed to the API root document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The remaining overlay or extension document follows the same rules as the RAML API definition, but with certain [restrictions](#overlays) in case of an overlay. The resolution of paths in an overlay or extension document, such as those for `!include` tags or libraries, must be relative to the document from which the reference is being made, as opposed to the API root document.
```

Reviewer 2: should stay "MUST" not lowercase "must"

> The remainder of an overlay or extension document follows the same rules as a RAML API definition, but with certain [restrictions](#overlays) in case of an overlay. The resolution of paths in an overlay or extension document, such as those for `!include` tags or libraries, MUST be relative to the document from which the reference is being made, as opposed to the API root document.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The remainder of an overlay or extension document follows the same rules as a RAML API definition, but with certain [restrictions](#overlays) in case of an overlay. The resolution of paths in an overlay or extension document, such as those for `!include` tags or libraries, MUST be relative to the document from which the reference is made, as opposed to the API root document.
```
